c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\IS.exe.config
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\obj\Debug\IS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\obj\Debug\IS_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\obj\Debug\IS.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\obj\Debug\IS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\IS.exe
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\IS.pdb
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\obj\Debug\IS_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\obj\Debug\IS.g.resources
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\obj\Debug\IS.exe
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\obj\Debug\IS.pdb
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\obj\Debug\View\HeadView.g.cs
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\obj\Debug\Config\App.g.cs
c:\users\svercosh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\obj\Debug\View\HeadView.baml
C:\Users\svercosh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\svercosh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\obj\Debug\View\InspectionsView.g.cs
C:\Users\svercosh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\obj\Debug\View\InspectionsView.baml
C:\Users\svercosh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\obj\Debug\View\InspectorsView.g.cs
C:\Users\svercosh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IS\IS\obj\Debug\View\InspectorsView.baml
